# Walkthrough on writing a fully distributable module

## What we're going to do

We are going to write this [Random Quiz Generator](https://automatetheboringstuff.com/chapter8/) from the amazingly great book _Automate The Boring Stuff with Python_!

So we're going to follow the steps outlined in that project, with one exception. We're going to
package all of our code up so that other teachers can download it and use what we've written!

So we're going to upload it to the P6 ecosystem for maximum visiblity and so it can be accessed via zef.

You should do all of the steps described here, with me.

## Setting Up The Directory for the Project

### Meta Files

## Writing our Code

Here's our program checklist:

- Creates 35 different quizzes.

- Creates 50 multiple-choice questions for each quiz, in random order.

- Provides the correct answer and three random wrong answers for each question, in random order.

- Writes the quizzes to 35 text files.

- Writes the answer keys to 35 text files.

This means the code will need to do the following:

- Store the states and their capitals in a dictionary.

- Call open(), write(), and close() for the quiz and answer key text files.

- Use random.shuffle() to randomize the order of the questions and multiple-choice options.

### Step 1: Store the Quiz Data in a Dictionary

### Step 2: Create the Quiz File and Shuffle the Question Order

### Step 3: Create the Answer Options

### Step 4: Write Content to the Quiz and Answer Key Files

### 
## Writing our Tests

## Uploading to Ecosystem
